Create `spright-components` package (#1986)
ni/nimble: packages/spright-components/README.md

<div align="center">
    <p><b>ni | spright</b></p>
</div>

> # Spright Components

Reviewer: I'm debating whether we want to provide an equivalent of the Getting Started section in the nimble-components README. Would it be useful to say something like "Follow the instructions in the nimble-components README, replacing "nimble" with "spright" as appropriate"?

I'm guessing that will be obvious to most users of the package, but it couldn't hurt in case people stumble on Spright before Nimble.

Reviewer 2: I think each public package should have a very clear README and CONTRIBUTING each with a Getting Started started section that is step-by-step and completable. I can own adding that after this PR goes in because I think nimble's and spright's need a clean-up for the latest era.

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ni/spright-components.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ni/spright-components)

> The `spright-components` package is intended for components that do not belong in `nimble-components` due to being: ["molecules"](https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/), product-specific, data-connected, or not "general utility". The primary component implementation should still be built on Nimble technologies (FAST, native web components, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NI-styled web components following [Nimble Design System](https://nimble.ni.dev) patterns but not part of the core design system.

The `spright-components` package is intended for components that do not belong in [`nimble-components`](/packages/nimble-components) due to being: ["molecules"](https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/), product-specific, data-connected, or not "general utility". The primary component implementations are built on Nimble technologies (FAST, native web components, etc).
```
